caf: rework sensor_data_aggregator_event (#9729)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

* :ref:`caf_sensor_data_aggregator`:

>   * Now :c:struct:`sensor_data_aggregator_event` is using :c:struct:`sensor_value` struct data buffer and carries number of sensor values in a single sample, which is sufficient to describe data layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :c:struct:`sensor_data_aggregator_event` now uses the :c:struct:`sensor_value` struct data buffer and carries a number of sensor values in a single sample, which is sufficient to describe data layout.
```
